good morning miss videos filmed after
the last one where I shown you my space
lesbian deck and the video we're next
magic voi film will be about this is it
mrs. got Gary but anyway this video
we'll talk about magic again first time
we talked about Mike Dyce boxes I should
have got me old one really which is a
little gold box we are little bit it's
nice but I've made something which is
more efficient for me I mean it's Gladia
and maybe you could do it too let me
show you it is yes look up in the back
dollar cores are magic yeah see um this
box was nice on peace with Jessica and
then I quite everything else together on
it hungria it's felt which i got from
hobby craft of cocky about of pack of 15
I think 45 or something like all
different colors so as long as you get
white blue black red and green awesome
this is self-adhesive shiny paper and
got off from ebay that's really cool
I'll the cheap so much who got 10 cards
I stopped still got nine left even I've
been crafting with pretty good inside
obviously I've got dice oh isn't like i
got these different chord dice because
about six pound for a pack of i think
that freak wit foot for 100 and i got
like two packs for 200 200 i slide 6
quit something around that and i got
like 10 different cause I cream and
pippin are just showing me but this is
like white boy black red green you can
use these dice for tokens like the level
down you could use black level up
counters white poison counters yeah
absolutely detest green and unlike other
things like i'ma creatures you don't
feel though something like if you got
one car one token card you could use up
semi how many tokens you out if you
don't lugs locked opens on
feels like she's always under
then you've got like over counters
corner nomad I don't talking about and
someone's gonna say yes we know now
off but I'm gonna say that to you then
of course you got your magic dice which
go see all symbols on and they are
proper counters which got one two three
and our way around so it's easy to use
Oh charge counters so dismembered charge
counters you could use that further
charge counter on certain enchantments
and things like that sir that's my dice
box I sort of got in there I'm gonna get
onto the water on each be last night and
get loads me but I've got magic that's a
pretty cool I've got off from m13 on
it's from which one obviously restored
m12 and my first ever one which it off
man 12 is a green woohoo and I've got
the plaint chases one as well which you
haven't really used yet I've got one and
Caroline's got on but now before I start
making this video I made a move on a
foot a try something new look top I to
cut out and I put pitch over land you
see looks nicely i call it out and put
it in there stuck inside I'll show you
added element other side which is
caroline's idea it's Japan so I've got a
felt or white felt inside and then pull
that underneath and it makes it like
Japan is that clever or what that's
Karen's idea she thought he might tell
me a long time to make it over after now
it's an icebox so not too bad and just
for a pet that cooks food ice in there
over dice el orange and yellow purple my
golly yeah it's good you can see you
can't see the flag under it because it's
all why I fell in there and the topic is
to stop her dice rattling around too
much she's got a got me move a box as
well he's like some felt stuck in there
and I use
as little secret eat if you want to do
this I use this to stick your fealty on
the underside which is craft glue strips
can get off an autographed as well that
is really really good stuff really as
child safe non-toxic no mess and it's
true very very good so is my two dash
boxes um I'm thinking I can do it I'm
thinking about having some sort of
competition in future something I but I
don't quite attached i was quite nice
well so am i making the one and haven't
give away some point it depends already
views this video guess we don't get many
views because people don't wash my
bloody videos no forget plenty of using
a few comments so am i I just do it no
that's my personal box next up you're
going to expo in FC and play magic and
night yeah which is an october and
october in London up the XL um you know
remind you not see me new dashboard
she's nice and tit I know I sit seen
these and I think I'm really really
proud of those hey I've been telling
ugly might magic governed ice boxes and
thank you for very much indeed for
watching my video bye bye